add documentation (#67)
DataMedSci/yagit: docs/source/data_representation.rst

where columns, rows, and frames are numbered using indexes.

In YAGIT, the image indexes are written frame-first, column-last --
instead of using ijk (ith column, jth row, kth frame), it uses kji (kth frame, jth row, ith column).
It's the same indexing as used in matrices and in most programming languages.

.. figure:: _static/images/3d_index.svg
   :alt: 3D indexing -- (k,j,i)
   :align: center
   :scale: 130%

   3D indexing -- (k,j,i) -- in the axial plane.

YAGIT stores 2D and 3D images in the form of a linearized one-dimensional array.
It arranges single elements in memory according to the row-major order (in this case, it is the frame-major order).
DICOM and MetaImage also use this order.

.. figure:: _static/images/1d_index.svg
   :alt: Linear indexing
   :align: center
   :scale: 130%

   Linear indexing in the axial plane.

Data type
---------

Image data elements in YAGIT are stored using a float (32-bit single precision floating point).
It provides 6--8 significant decimal digits of precision, which is sufficient for gamma index calculations.
In comparison, a double (64-bit double precision floating point) provides 15--16 significant decimal digits of precision.

> Thanks to the fact that a float has a size that is two times smaller than a double,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to the fact that a float has a size that is twice smaller than a double,
```
